Parameter description for 2012 version (#1268)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012-ps/activedirectory/Get-ADDomainControllerPasswordReplicationPolicyUsage.md

```

### -Credential
Specifies the user account credentials to use to perform this task.

> The default credentials are the credentials of the currently logged on user unless the cmdlet is run from an Active Directory module for Windows PowerShell provider drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default credentials are the credentials of the user who is currently signed in unless the cmdlet is run from an Active Directory module for Windows PowerShell provider drive.
```

Author: "currently logged on user" is the term I have seen in technical literature so far, so I prefer to leave it that way.

Reviewer: It is your completely your choice - my change was simply in accordance with the Microsoft Style Guide: "Don't use log in, login, log into, log on, logon, log onto, log off, log out, logout, or a similar term unless it appears in the UI (and you're writing instructions). Use sign in or sign out instead.

Author: Agreed with you, I guess the other is outdated :)

If the cmdlet is run from such a provider drive, the account associated with the drive is the default.

Specifies the credentials for the security context under which the task is performed.
If this security context doesn't have directory level permissions to perform the task, then an error is returned by the directory.

> If running under the context of an Active Directory module for Windows PowerShell provider drive, the credentials information associated with the drive is used as the default value; otherwise, the currently logged on user security context is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If running under the context of an Active Directory module for Windows PowerShell provider drive, the credentials information associated with the drive is used as the default value; otherwise, the security context of the user who is currently signed in is used.
```

Author: "currently logged on user" is the term I have seen in technical literature so far, so I prefer to leave it that way.

Reviewer: Please see my previous comment.

> To specify this parameter, you can type a user name, such as User1 or Domain01\User01 or you can specify a **PSCredential** object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify this parameter, you can type a user name, such as User1 or Domain01\User01, or you can specify a **PSCredential** object.
```

If you specify a user name for this parameter, the cmdlet prompts for a password.

> You can also create a **PSCredential** object by using a script or by using the Get-Credentialhttp://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=293936 cmdlet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also create a **PSCredential** object by using a script or by using the [Get-Credential](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=293936) cmdlet.
```

Author: In the 2016 version of the article the link is removed completely so I will do the same as it points to a specific version of the cmdlet.

```

### -Identity
Specifies an Active Directory domain controller object by providing one of the following values.
The identifier in parentheses is the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) display name for the attribute.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:

> - A GUID (objectGUID) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A GUID (objectGUID).
```

> - An IPV4Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An IPV4Address.
```

> - A Global IPV6Address 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Global IPV6Address.
```

> - A DNS Host Name (dNSHostName) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A DNS Host Name (dNSHostName).
```

> - A name of the server object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A name of the server object.
```

> - A distinguished name of the NTDS Settings object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A distinguished name of the NTDS Settings object.
```

> - A distinguished name of the server object that represents the domain controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A distinguished name of the server object that represents the domain controller.
```

> - A GUID of NTDS settings object under the configuration partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A GUID of NTDS settings object under the configuration partition.
```

> - A GUID of server object under the configuration partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A GUID of server object under the configuration partition.
```

- A distinguished name of the computer object that represents the domain controller.

The cmdlet searches the default naming context or partition to find the object.
If two or more objects are found, the cmdlet returns a non-terminating error.

> This parameter can also get this object through the pipeline or you can set this parameter to an object instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter can also get the object through the pipeline or you can set this parameter to an object instance.
```

```

### -Server

> Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services instance to connect to, by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services instance to connect to by providing one of the following values for a corresponding domain name or directory server.
```

> The service may be any of the following:  Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services, Active Directory Domain Services or Active Directory snapshot instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service may be any of the following: Active Directory Lightweight Domain Services, Active Directory Domain Services, or Active Directory snapshot instance.
```

> Specify the Active Directory Domain Services instance in one of the following ways:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the Active Directory Domain Services instance in one of the following ways:  
```

Author: This one should stay Specify as it should be read "You specify the Active..." I believe.

 Domain name values:

> - Fully qualified domain name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified domain name.
```

> - NetBIOS name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NetBIOS name.
```

 Directory server values: 

> - Fully qualified directory server name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified directory server name.
```

> - NetBIOS name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NetBIOS name.
```

> - Fully qualified directory server name and port

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified directory server name and port.
```

The default value for this parameter is determined by one of the following methods in the order that they are listed:

> - By using the **Server** value from objects passed through the pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By using the **Server** value from objects passed through the pipeline.
```

> - By using the server information associated with the Active Directory Domain ServicesWindows PowerShell provider drive, when the cmdlet runs in that drive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By using the server information associated with the Active Directory Domain Services Windows PowerShell provider drive when the cmdlet runs in that drive.
```

> - By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By using the domain of the computer running Windows PowerShell.
```
